then I used to play Superman he shot
himself what someone thinks he did mr.
Reeves why don't you tell me about a
charming man I'm much too old for you
you know your husband is the general
manager of MGM tell me what you want you
can have it where he wound up it should
have been enough what is these marks
well you don't beat himself up before
shadow dead detective
what's he got some questions since when
did suicides miss twice and start over
that's unusual you ever been to a party
where a man goes upstairs and blows his
head off
no then how do you know what's unusual
you realize George shot himself he was
shot you did that have anything to tell
me anything I need to have a story ready
for this murder I think it might be true
what's true or false what it doesn't
matter embarrass the studio if it stops
one person from buying tickets
I have to fix it
this is how they work it it just gets
buried
gotta put in reefs why I'll always take
care of my boy
you could have got me something but you
didn't because you like me where I was
in a red suit that's not who I am
I was gonna like the but up yet hands
prove it I'm in the picture business
based on the true story of Hollywood's
most notorious unsolved mystery
I see the pieces how they should fit how
I want him to feel
Hollywoodland